I get intense gratification from bullying losers online.
You won't last five seconds around here.
I could snap you like a twig. I have a home gym.
Pathetic...
To kill is to live. I live a warrior lifestyle.
Eat raw eggs. Sperm. Datura. And you can achieve what I have full natty. If you have what it
WHEN THE BEAT DROPS I AM FUCKING KILLING MYSELF
FuckHole 3
coding sucks
hell
I used to be a janitor here, then I found this place.
What that, you want to get into fishing?
A good party requires a blood sacrifice.
Everyone's here to become a better, more complete person.
Nobody's saying it out loud but I'm glad they purified this place.
I'm the most powerful person in this room. I control this situation. Everyone's dancing to my tune...
NrNrNr BNBNBNBNBNBNBNRONICHITY.... NNNNNNTRONNNNNNCHTONOMONOTRACHIA..... CRNNNNNNTRRRRRRHYRAXIAPLASTIA....
Theory time. Us civilians are a writhing mass of flesh, vaguely connected by a vegetative psychological link. Our value is determined by an extradimensional being who is toying with us. We have no capacity for thought, we're simply an ecosystem of flesh.
You're so composed and cool. Are you an artist?
I need to come here and really let go so I can work on my creative investment portfolio. I have an artistic take on finance.
You invest in the stock market? I'm impressed.
Where'd you get that sexy outfit?
Hearbeat... Good. Brainwaves... Perfect. Blood pressure... Astronomical.
Power is flowing through me. I'm a beast. I'm a destroyer. Get in my way and I will kill you.
You can kill me but it won't end this.
You're not from around here. I can tell.
There's an infinite amount of planes. They all contain the same amount of suffering.
Dark? What?
Fucking hate this shit
Who are you?
Get out of here.
Leave me alone.
What did I just tell you?
I'm trying to work here.
No you can't help.
You're a piece of piss.
All our systems have been down today because of a logic bomb activated by a former developer.
I am number three. I pulsate. I laugh.
I mostly just drink coffee and play with guns.
I should bash your face in after all you've done.
You're mean. I hate you. I hate you forever and ever and ever
You! You're going to hurt me again aren't you? Just stay away.
Absolutely no time to deal with lowlifes these days. Go away.